My first exploration was WadaKentaro2017Pvhr, where the robot used vacuum suction
to manipulate objects for pick-and-verify operations on everyday objects.
While this is great for smooth surfaces where the suction cup can easily comply
around and provide a leak-proof grip, microelectronic circuit modules have
irregularities that make it impossible for efficient suction.

My next exploration was ItoTakatoshi2022Vfcc, which used capillary force grippers to
interact with components as the fluid complied around the irregularities and resulted
in good suction for automating pick-place operations. The limiting factor of this 
project is that it worked on components in the 0201 range and below. Larger components
don't interact with capillary forces and with this block, it was time to pivot to 
better alternatives. 

At this point, I needed to figure out what kinds of grippers exist and how I can weigh
each option well. _2020_types explored the different kinds of end effectors. Besides
the vacuum grippers, there were options for pneumatic, hydraulic, and electric grippers.
Hydraulic grippers are used for heavy duty manipulation so it will apply crushing forces
to my scope of objects. Even if pneumatics apply weaker forces than the hydraulic grippers,
they still risk the chance of damaging sensitive components. So my gripper actuation of
choice is electric grippers.

Well... electric grippers are further subclassified - Servo, DC, Stepper motors may be the
actuation techniques, but the most important thing is the way the object is contacted.
_2025_6 explores some commonly used electric grippers methods and defines their use cases.
From the research, we have a choice between parallel, rotary electric, and wide electric
grippers. 

Considering that my object pool will be PCB, microcontrollers and SBC units at the widest,
and sensors and actuators at the smallest dimensions, I will need to use a gripper that can
default carry low polygon, solid, low-friction bodies. So my final decision is further 
sorted into parallel and wide electric grippers.