This week, I decided to figure out which actuators and sensors combinations I can use that
can give me the most sensor data without making the tooling too heavy. Since we are using
electric actuation, I need to first begin with some simple options first.

Servo motors like the MG996R, MG90S, SG90S use PWM for operation from a digital pin of a 
microcontroller like arduino uno or ESP32. But they do not give any feedback response
natively unless a 4th wire is soldered onto the internal circuit of the unit. This gives
the positional response of the servo motor as well. 

If I want position response then magnetic encoders also perform a good job at reading
position values of a magnet which can be connected to the rotary axle of the dc motor
inside the servo unit. The problem in this case lies in size increase which cannot be 
easily accomodated in the servo housing, secondly, even if there is a snug fit, the magnet
will experience friction due to the tight fit, causing errors in position value readings.

Finally, I thought of using stepper motors. These things move extremely precisely allowing
me to move the grippers minutely to apply gripping force without damaging the manipulated
object. Unlike servos, stepper motors need an additional stepper motor driver and end stop
buttons that provide motion range information. Without the end-stops, the position at which
the system powers on is set as home state which would cause catastrophic failures. Initial
decision was to choose among A4988, DRV8801, and TMC2209 motor drivers.

I realized that the TMC2209 motor driver has sensorless homing, meaning, it has a backEMF sensor
that can be used as an internal end-stop on the motor itself. This is when I realized that a
combination of the TMC2209 and a motor encoder can provide extremely reliable "item-in-hand" 
response using the backEMF generated from stopping early while closing and sensing the position 
of the magnet from the encoder. This idea already existed in the SparkFun PD Stepper (ROB-30118),
a back-mountable stepper driver module. This was an excellent start for my gripper model.